what I have to show you in this
video I get to show you in this
video
her for her to say
what's happening with the press in Spain
What happens when when we're going to take
seriously this is all we have to
report So here we're not
talking about gossip We're not
talking about nonsense we're
talking about a very serious issue let's not let's
focus let's wake up they
're leaving us in the dust
all over the world for time okay it turns out I
go on Twitter and I find
the following statement from my friend Fran I
said it in time I warned you and you still don't
understand you piss off the
Thai police and they troll you they
draw you as if you were stupid and all
this will continue to continue
questioning the ways of Thailand
and you don't understand that all this will affect In the
end the family visits etcetera in the
end when they put him in jail
definitively the family will suffer the
consequences and you will be in
something else
and it says here the photograph of the
journalist of the program this the code
10 I think it's called  You're going to be
amazed stay until the end
of the video because when I reveal what
happened here for you to
say everything everything
absolutely everything that we see on
television we have to question it because
I'm seeing people who tell me now
but it's that in this program they said
that Edwin Arrieta did I don't know what Oh
but they told me that he had
80,000 Oh but it's 9000 Oh but pay
attention at the end of this video
okay
the journalist even has the
sketch even the drawing that
Big joke makes Listen to
what happened and the book that they have
made attentive made on a
Prime time program
a week ago well in this letter what we
do is ask for an interview the
surprise is that right away we send this letter
exactly last Thursday they
send a letter to number 2 of the
police to big so that he grants them an
interview okay last Thursday he
responds on Sunday morning in
Spain between Saturday and Sunday
morning they grant us an
interview in this letter he
grants him an interview he gets upset  in
granting them an interview does
this sound the same as the other time
the man comes with a helicopter comes
to the island to get an interview
a press conference Okay so now I
grant them an interview to this program
on Prime Time to inform and you'll
see what they do we
officially send that you are seeing on
screen we
ask for an interview in person we
tell them that it will be for an hour that if it cannot be
in person
but that we want it and that we want it
to be broadcast today on Prime four in
the program code 10 this letter is the one
that allows us to enter his office an
official request for an interview this
man number two of the police signed
to the surprise of all of us that
Daniel Sancho through this
interview was not in prison for
something very like it was thought but that he is somewhere
else Esther Yáñez
Here the thing begins Vale says that Big
Jock in the interview He claims
that Daniel Sancho is not in prison
for something very
the moment has arrived
the journalist There
will be surprising statements and
here we are stay until the
end of the video Hey don't go stay
until the end of the video we are in  the
prison
we're going to show it because in the
Surat Tani prison okay
If you go to the Surata prison
neither Surata nor on maps
Look so you get an idea I don't know
if you'll get to see it well I do
n't know if you'll get to see it well okay
but this Island is very the island
here in the corner is very okay And
the Peninsula more or less around this point
on the peninsula
as if you go from Ibiza to Murcia for
example okay there would be the other prison
as it has been understood
as these people have understood in the
interview as they have understood it would not
be here in very things it would be here
on the Peninsula okay Surat Tani we
continue listening because we are alone we have
been the first to arrive here it
's 4 in the
morning and it was very easy to enter
the prison it is a much
bigger prison and in even more
deplorable conditions than that of very thing it is on
the Continent it is not on any island and it is
located I just said
by ferry an hour and a half by ferry
prisoners who are sentenced to life
imprisonment or the death penalty a profile
that would fit Daniel's for
very crimes  serious and this revealing
statement He made it to us in an
exclusive interview and we have to say that
we due to the surprising
statements we asked him again and again we
contrasted this information they
asked him 28 times okay so now they
put videos of all the times they
asked the man and the man no no no
no that he is in
suratani that he is in suratani that he
is not in very things
now he is in prison
I ask him when now now
is the
[Music]
suratani
here he is telling him Well but the
mother is coming to visit him for a very thing
he is in prison
I repeat it again he is in Sura chani he
is in sura chani
really no
no in very thing there is no prison
in very things no
no
they ask him 500 times because they are not
freaking out of course the journalists
are freaking out And he says but if we have been
thinking all week that he is in
very things How is it that now they are and
the policeman takes it and makes a little drawing okay look
Over here look you see he makes a little drawing he
makes a little drawing I don't know if you
will get to see it I don't know  if you'll ever see it
but they're like three circles Look, I do
n't know if you'll ever see the drawing
and it's basically telling him something like
every time they want to
interrogate him, every time his mother comes
to see him, they move him from one circle to another. I'm
going to bring it closer to you because this is so you can
see it because this is
a, this is a voice. Look at the drawing,
okay, look at the drawing, okay. And it's
telling you less. Well, there are these three, these
three, these three areas, not
these three little circles and we move it every
time we have to visit him, every time we have to
interrogate him. Or every time we have to
visit him, we move it from something very non-blue
to tani and from suratani to very things, okay,
she with her little piece of paper has gone to the
peninsula
and you know what the reality is.
Here you have the map of the prison,
something very where the mother comes, okay, over
here to visit him and here you have the
sketch that she made, okay. And it's
telling you that Daniel is going to sleep,
surataming, Sura tami, okay,
if we rotate the sketch, if we rotate the
sketch that the  I've done If we turn the
sketch it's not that complicated okay we see
that
this would be a circle that maybe
where the yards are go you know
where it eats this would be
the prison district okay the
district prison and here is
suratani next to it Sura tani suratani It's
next to it okay if you see little circle little circle
circle the sketch that has drawn it the
sketch that has drawn it is
telling him that Daniel is here is
here okay
what is not put there execution I don't know
if it will be a center Look
mediation center execution center I don't know if
maybe where those condemned barely to
death well then they go while no
Or while it is clarified I don't know the
truth or where the executions are I don't have it
Clear because of course around here he says it
coincides perfectly with this okay with
this and here suratani they don't find out at
all About anything and liam to the people
I mean the one who is messing around is not the
police what is messing around is the
press